A. Company Name: Graphic Gorillaz
B. Long Term Vision Statement
   1. Our goal is to inspire people's creativity by providing artistic services to give them a headstart in their businesses and personal interests.
   2. Our idea came from our desire to help other people with their graphic needs.
   3. Our purpose is to promote people's businesses and dreams in a creative and appealing manner. We value our customer's ideas and our mission is to help them artistically strive.
   4. We are assisting businesses to introduce their artistic work to consumers.
C. External opportunities that exist
   We are aiming toward businesses who need to advertise their businesses.
D. Teams
   Bios (Will add later)
   Malayika Zaffar
  Malayika Zaffar is a full time student at the California State University, East Bay. She is currently a full time student, trying to pursue a degree in computer science, with a minor in IT management. She is currently an officer in the machine learning club for women, and is a member in the Women in Stem club on campus. Her passions include sketching, editing pictures, and creating pieces of artwork using Adobe Photoshop.Her goals are to advocate women who are also trying pursue a career in the STEM field, as well as creating meaningful pieces of art. 


E. Strategies
   Competitor: Landor
   We learned from our competitor use a client-driven approach. We will start off by finding trends in what our customers want and cater to their needs as well as following new trends based on what the public wants.
   We will also keep up with other businesses and observe the artistic trends to help advertise product in a unique way.
   We differentiate from other graphic design companies because we prioritize our customers and view them as partners who we have a close relationship with, rather than people we are doing business for.
   We define success by the outcome of our customers' profitablity.
   
   Key Milestones & Checkpoints: Over the years we hope to expand to working with more and more businesses. Starting out we will help other small businesses or startups with their graphic design needs and make a name
   for ourselves in the graphic design market. In a few years or so hopefully we will expand to helping larger businesses not only in the bay area but also 
   in southern California or the entire state of California. The next step after that would to be working with business that work all over the United States
   so our work will be seen in popular commercials on TV and billboards in major cities. A long term goal that we hope to reach in 5 years is to 
   work with international businesses like airlines that travel around the world so our designs can be seen globally.
F. Slogan
   "Appealing and Affordable Advertising that's us!"
